The senators sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The farmer enjoys sunny days .
The teacher makes tasty meals .
The officer sings beautiful romantic love songs .
The teacher attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The officer makes tasty meals .
The managers make tasty meals .
The author makes tasty meals .
The author reads interesting science fiction novels .
The surgeons prefer quiet evenings .
The senators make tasty meals .
The teachers attend exclusive art exhibitions .
The pilot reads interesting science fiction novels .
The farmers enjoy sunny days .
The teacher reads interesting science fiction novels .
The customer attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The officers avoid spicy dishes .
The pilots enjoy sunny days .
The surgeons make tasty meals .
The senator sings beautiful romantic love songs .
The pilot prefers quiet evenings .
The teachers avoid spicy dishes .
The managers read interesting science fiction novels .
The consultants avoid spicy dishes .
The surgeon reads interesting science fiction novels .
The authors sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The officer attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The authors make tasty meals .
The author sings beautiful romantic love songs .
The consultants prefer quiet evenings .
The consultant avoids spicy dishes .
The managers sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The officers make tasty meals .
The surgeon prefers quiet evenings .
The farmers prefer quiet evenings .
The surgeons read interesting science fiction novels .
The farmers avoid spicy dishes .
The teacher prefers quiet evenings .
The pilots make tasty meals .
The customer avoids spicy dishes .
The surgeon makes tasty meals .
The pilots sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The officer avoids spicy dishes .
The manager avoids spicy dishes .
The surgeons avoid spicy dishes .
The farmer reads interesting science fiction novels .
The consultant enjoys sunny days .
The manager attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The consultants enjoy sunny days .
The teachers sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The customers sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The customers read interesting science fiction novels .
The consultants attend exclusive art exhibitions .
The officer reads interesting science fiction novels .
The manager enjoys sunny days .
The pilots avoid spicy dishes .
The managers attend exclusive art exhibitions .
The teachers prefer quiet evenings .
The authors avoid spicy dishes .
The customers prefer quiet evenings .
The managers avoid spicy dishes .
The officers attend exclusive art exhibitions .
The consultants sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The pilots attend exclusive art exhibitions .
The customers attend exclusive art exhibitions .
The officers sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The officers read interesting science fiction novels .
The teacher sings beautiful romantic love songs .
The author attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The farmers make tasty meals .
The teacher avoids spicy dishes .
The consultants make tasty meals .
The customer enjoys sunny days .
The pilots prefer quiet evenings .
The teacher enjoys sunny days .
The author enjoys sunny days .
The surgeons enjoy sunny days .
The authors attend exclusive art exhibitions .
The teachers enjoy sunny days .
The author avoids spicy dishes .
The pilot attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The customer prefers quiet evenings .
The customers make tasty meals .
The farmer prefers quiet evenings .
The consultant makes tasty meals .
The farmers sing beautiful romantic love songs .
The pilot avoids spicy dishes .
The customer sings beautiful romantic love songs .
The managers enjoy sunny days .
The authors prefer quiet evenings .
The pilots read interesting science fiction novels .
The senator reads interesting science fiction novels .
The farmer attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The senators enjoy sunny days .
The surgeon attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The senator makes tasty meals .
The senators prefer quiet evenings .
The senator attends exclusive art exhibitions .
The pilot sings beautiful romantic love songs .
The authors enjoy sunny days .
